Okay,
guys on Welcome back,
the Romans,
Deep in your knowledge,
right?
It's time to add an interest,
in fact,
or two to your already impressive classical education.
You can use the 12 point route you just use.
Just find a way to tank what you're about to learn to.
The scenes you just created.
Remember,
Paused,
electrifying,
going too fast.
Ready?
Then let's do this.
Jupiter also overthrew his father and eighties babies.
Sound familiar?
Juno.
She was the protector of Roman women,
particularly married ones.
Neptune also renounce being a bad tempered man.
It must be a god of the sea thing.
Saris As Goddess of the Harvest,
Siri's is the origin of the word cereal.
Minerva,
born of Jupiter's head.
Does that sound familiar?
Apollo drove a chariot pulled by fiery horses.
Diana.
She could talk to the animals,
just like Dr Doolittle Mars.
Mars was the father of Rome,
Eolas and remiss Venus,
born of the foam of the sea,
as in the paint in the birth of Venus Vulcan Vulcanology is a study of volcanoes you'll
remember.
Vulcan is the God of fire.
Mercury is the origin of the word merchant.
You remember mercury is the god of commerce and shop keeping.
And finally,
Bacchus,
his mother,
similarly was mortal.
Okay,
guys,
and well done.
I think that just about wraps up this section on mythology.
Be sure to impress your friends with your amazing knowledge of the Titans,
the Olympians and now the Romans.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next section.